### **Stalker Svignee (Thomasian Sanctified Stalker): Darkness Befalls the Land**
- **Quest picked up at:** When Stalker Svignee confronts the player in the lone pathway after the player recovers in the capital.
- **Step 0**
  - After the player gets knocked out and carried to the capital, he comes across a small Thomasian charity event that is also acting as a medium to recruit new militiamen. Trying to get past the crowd blocking his way he will be met with Stalker Svignee, who appears as a heavily armored knight. “You”, he says in an authoritative voice, pointing his sword at the player. “You’re the one who barely survived the attack at the village”. “People around here have been talking. That you have been very lucky. But me? I think you’re more than lucky. You have been chosen to be in a bigger role than you can imagine.” He plants his sword in the ground. “Meet me in the Pilgrimage Site. We will discuss this further when the time comes." Then the player hears a commotion behind them and when they attempt to look back at Stalker Svignee, they have already vanished.
- **Step 1**
  - When the player enters the Thomasian pilgrimage site, they are met with Stalker Svignee who tasks them with helping the pilgrims that are going to the pilgrimage site who are experiencing bullying and discrimination from the locals. Stalker heavily suggests the player to just get rid of the aggressors. Even after suggesting a more peaceful solution, Stalker will still press the player to killing or threatening off the aggressors.
  - 500GP (or the currency decided) is rewarded upon completion.
- **Step 2**
  - After proving their loyalty and willingness to serve Thomasia, the Stalker tasks the player with escorting a charity caravan to the lower district from the capital. What happens is that this caravan is intercepted on the way to the lower district by slum residents that pose as bandits. Even though they will surrender after one or two of them gets defeated, Stalker will suddenly appear on the scene and ask the player to finish them off. If the player declines, Stalker does it himself.
  - 600GP (or the currency decided) and miscellaneous supplies from the caravan such as foods and drinks are rewarded upon completion.
- **Step 3 (Symbiosis: which requires acquisition and learning about the purpose of the vermin key)**
  - Stalker sends the player to Fort Faroth to acquire the aid of the army that is stationed there. He requests the player to assassinate Quartermaster Jeera and replace her with a Thomasian sympathizer.
  - Stalker's Hidden Blade, a unique dagger is rewarded upon completion.
- **Step 4**
  - After solving the situation at Fort Faroth, Stalker will ask the player to ask Old Sage Nik about the true purpose of the Vermin Key, suggesting that they use force if needed. However, on the way to the room that they initially find Old Sage Nik before they acquire the Vermin Key, Stalker will already be there trying to beat the information out of him. This is where it can be revealed that the Vermin Key controlls the underground defense system of the state which is filled with ravenous rats that could consume the entire population if they wanted to. Gaining this information, Stalker Svignee's homicidal and violent tendencies are fully put in display; in contrast to the supposedly benevolent and kind faith of Thomasia.
  - Amulet of the Devout, a unique amulet that boosts HP is rewarded upon  completion.
- **Step 5 (I Am What I Am: which requires completion of Symbiosis)**
  - Right after acquiring the control or aid of Fort Faroth's army, Stalker informs the player that the rival faction of Ahmed is trying to negotiate an alliance and peace-deal with the de-facto leader of the people of the slums, King Bennett. He tasks the player with getting rid of King Bennett and his followers to crush the possibility of rebellion.
  - 750 GP (or the currency decided) and King Bennett's Armour, which is a unique armour that boosts the player's speed (and is also only obtainable this way).
- **Step 6 (Pre-finale)**
  - In preparation for the upcoming battle against Ahmed, Svignee tasks the player with gathering conscripts to fight for the Thomasian army. Svignee says that while the army provided by Borisya is great, they are still severely outnumbered and overextended even with the support of Fort Faroth. He also makes a comment about "you know, this is also a great way to get rid of some of the heretics... yes, visit the Heretic Tower first and bring them the offer of their freedom in exchange for their sword when the time comes. Also, try asking in the Lower District as well...", also urging the player to use force and intimidation if necessary. The prisoners in the Heretic Tower will be guaranteed to join but it will take some effort to convince Magistrate Ken Nough to provide some men.
  - The support of whichever men that they have chosen to conscript to the Thomasian force, as well as Karabasan's Mask, a unique armour piece that greatly boosts speed, charisma, and attacks with small weapons. When Stalker hands over Karabasan's Mask, he makes an offhand comment of how "oh letting go is so hard... no matter. Don't worry about this mask's original owner, I know him very well, and just know that he's out of the picture."
